
				DI - Dependency Injection

	This is all about objects - creation and destruction

			Imagine we have 10 tables in our database
			we used EF, and "IT" generated 10 model classes  
			and so we will have 10 controllers

			what do we have in each controller 
				if we create objects, 
				ShoppingDBContext db = new ShoppingDBContext();
Problem 1 --
		List<Products> plist = new List<Products>();

		--we created the Objects, but we never wrote any code to destroy it

		--because we are been told, GC will come and clear it
			--this is good for desktop application 

	 --but for web, we have millions of users in a day 	
Problem 2 --
		In web applications, need of an object is different because, user will navigate between 		pages
		in web images, 
			Login page --> user spplied username and password, click on the button 
			if username and password are correct, user will be taken to a new page
				home.html

			we need to use the data of login page on home page and other pages, 
				welcome username

			thus, object needs to shared between pages/screen, so how to configure this

			other scenario, 
			display currency-exchange rate, or USD value today (this is a common data for every 			user)

	------------------------

			There are 3 types of objects
				a. Personal only to a specific user (single page)
				b. Personal only - shared in multiple pages (session)
				b. Shared Object - to be shared between multiple users

			the new standards says that the runtime(.net core) should take care of 
			creation of object, and destruction of object

			thus, we have a concept called Di which will create the object and destroy the object, by writing the code in a specic wy
		1.
		so instead of 
			ShoppingDBContext db = new ShoppingDBContext();
		use 
			ShoppingDBContext db; 
				coding conventions says use _db
			ShoppingDBContext _db;

	-------------
		2. in program.cs
			configure DI with 3 types of objects
				perCall()
				perSession()
				SingleTon()

	
		a. when u use perCall(), server will create the new object, generate the response, return 			  the response to user and destroy it at the same time

		b. when u use perSession(), server will create the new object, share it between multiple request and response between browser and server, and when users session will end, (user said logout, or user is inactive for 20 mins (20 mins is default, u can change it to 5), runtime will destroy the object
		object will be available only to that user

		c. when u use SingleTon(), at the start of the application on server, runtime will create 1 object, and same object will be used by all the users (eg. connection string)
		when the server stops object will be destroyed

		this is the instruction to runtime
			but when should runtime create the object ?
			so on the request basis and we write it in a constructor

			ShoppingDBContext _db;

			public productscontroller(ShoppingDBContext objFromRunTime)
			{
				_db = objFromRunTime;
			}
		








, 
			


















			
















			

















